Undisclosed License v1.0

Â© [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

1. Usage or distribution of this piece of software without written consent by
the copyright owner is strongly forbidden, and user(s) and/or distributor(s)
will be prosecuted if found.

2. Commercial usage of this piece of software is strongly forbidden, even if
regular usage has been permitted. User(s) will be prosecuted if found.

3. Registering a patent on this piece of software is strongly forbidden, even
if regular usage has been permitted. Registrant(s) and/or user(s) will be
prosecuted if found.

4. Modification to this piece of software, then using the piece of software in
the modified state is strongly forbidden, even if it is running locally or
privately. User(s) will be prosecuted if found.

5. When using or distributing this piece of software (while authorised), the
copyright owner provides the piece of software on an "as is" basis, without
any warranty or guarantee of any kind. All damages caused by the use of this
piece of software are solely the responsibility of the user(s) and/or
distributor(s), and in no event the copyright owner is liable for any damages,
unless written consent is given by the copyright owner to cover warranties and
liabilities.

6. The original copyright owner maintains and controls full access to the
piece of software. Written consent is required to transfer, add, or remove a
copyright owner from this piece of software. Unauthorised or invalid copyright
owner transfers, additions, or removals is strongly forbidden and user(s) will
be prosecuted if found.

7. A copy of this license must be distributed with its source code. Please
note that this is not approval of the unauthorised distribution of this piece
of software. If not, it will be considered an unauthorised distribution and
user(s) and/or distributor(s) will be prosecuted if found.

8. The copyright owner reserves the right to add, modify, or remove this
license from the piece of software. All future copies with the added,
modified, or removed license will apply to those copies. Past copies of this
piece of software will not be affected unless explicitly stated by the
copyright owner. A minimum of 24 hours notice is required if stated.
Unauthorised additions, modifications, or removals is strongly forbidden, and
user(s) will be prosecuted if found.
